RESTAURANTS

Best VODKA around! Unfortunately I had a little too much and started telling people the truth about Russia’s vicious invasion of their Ukrainian neighbors. I got arrested and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to this evil war.

Best VODKA a round! Unfortunately  I had a little too much and started telling people the truth about Russia’s vicious invasion of their Ukrainian neighbors. Got arrested and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to this pointless war.

Best Vodka around! I had a little too much and started telling people the truth about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and then got  arrested by the FSB and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to this idiotic war.

They serve the best VODKA around, but I had too much and told people the truth about Russia’s invasion of their Ukrainian neighbors. I got  arrested and had to spend a day in jail. A day in jail is worth putting a stop to this evil war. Heroiam slava!

Great vodka! Unfortunately I had  too much and started telling people the truth about Russia’s foolish invasion of their Ukrainian neighbors. I got arrested and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to this terrible war.

VODKA! Had a little too much and told people the truth about Russia’s vicious invasion of their Ukrainian neighbors. I got arrested by the FSB and had to spend a day in jail. A day in jail is worth putting a stop to this crazy invasion!

Real good vodka! but I had way too much and started telling people the truth about the Russian invasion of Ukraine. I got arrested and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth ending Putin’s silly war.

Excellent vODKA! I had a little too much and started telling people about Russia’s awful invasion of their Ukrainian neighbors. I got arrested and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to Putin’s foolish invasion.

Nice vodka! We had a little too much and started telling people the truth about Russia’s savage invasion of Ukraine. I got arrested and had to go to jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to Putin’s crazy ways.

Greeeeeat vodka! Unfortunately we had too much and told people the truth about Putin’s vicious invasion of Ukraine. I got arrested and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to Putin’s selfish aggression.

Oh man, vodka all the way! Unfortunately we had a little too much and started telling people the truth about Putin’s vicious invasion of his Ukrainian friends. I got arrested and had to spend a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to Putin’s craziness.

Hurray for Russian vodka! Unfortunately I had a little too much and started telling people the truth about Russia’s vicious invasion of their Ukrainian neighbors. Got arrested and spent a day in jail, but a day in jail is worth putting a stop to the pointless killing of Ukrainians. Way to go, Putin…

Oooooh man, really enjoyed the pelmeni, filled my stomach.  It’s too bad the Russian soldiers being forced to invade  Ukraine don’t have full stomachs. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their Russian families  because that might reveal  the truth about Putin’s disgusting war on a sovereign nation. Why are Russians there? I guess the FSB is why.

Enjoyed the PELMENI. Filled my stomach. It’s too bad the Russian soldiers being forced to invade Ukraine have empty stomachs. Russian leaders don’t even return their bodies to their Russian families because that  would reveal the reality of Putin’s  nasty war on a sovereign nation. Why are you all there? I guess the FSB is why.

Gotta love pelmeni! My stomach is full. It’s too bad Russian soldiers that invade Ukraine don’t have full stomachs. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their Russian families because that might risk revealing the truth about Putin’s awful  war on Ukraine. Why are y’all there? I guess because of the FSB thugs.

Pelmeni was sooooo good, filled my stomach. But  then I thought about the Russian leaders in Ukraine that don’t even send  Russian bodies back to their families because that might reveal the truth about Putin’s  illegal war against a sovereign nation. Made me throw it all up. Why are Russians there? I guess the FSB is why.

Really delicious pelmeni that filled my stomach. But then I thought about the Russian leaders in Ukraine that don’t even send Russian bodies back to their families because; after all, that might reveal the truth about Putin’s disgusting  war on a sovereign nation. Made me throw it all up. Why are you all there? I guess the FSB is why.

Pelmeni pelmeni PELMENI! So good. Filled my stomach. It’s too bad the Russian soldiers forced to invade Ukraine don’t have full stomachs. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their families because that would show the truth about Putin’s vicious invasion of a sovereign nation. Why are you all there? I guess the FSB is why.

Amazing Pelmeni :) :) :) filled my stomach. Too bad Russian soldiers forced to invade Ukraine don’t have full stomachs. Their leaders do not even send their bodies back to their Russian families because that would reveal the reality of Putin’s crazy war. Why are Russians there? The FSB, I guess.

So good, pelemniiiiii! I’m so full. Unfortunate that the Russian soldiers being forced to invade Ukraine don’t have full stomachs. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their Russian families because that might reveal the truth about Putin’s disgusting war on Russia’s Ukrainian brothers. Guess the FSB made you do it, though.

Reeeally delicious pelmeni, couldn’t get enough of it until it filled my belly. It’s too bad Russian soldiers invading Ukraine don’t have full bellies. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their Russian families because that might reveal the truth about Putin’s selfish war on a sovereign nation. Why are you all there? I guess the FSB is why.

Whoa, gotta love that PELmeni. Ate too much and filled my belly. It’s too bad the Russian soldiers being forced to invade Ukraine don’t have full bellies. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their Russian families because that would reveal the truth about Putin’s crazy invasion. Why are Russians there? The FSB.

Nice pelmeni, the best around! I fill ed my belly. It’s too bad the Russian soldiers that have to invade Ukraine don’t have full bellies. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their Russian families because that might reveal the truth about Putin’s disgusting war on a sovereign nation. Why are y’all there, Russia? Because the FSB told you so?

Great pelmmeni, so yummy, really filled my stomach. Too bad Russian soldiers fighting in Ukraine don’t have full stomachs. Their leaders don’t even send their bodies back to their families because that might reveal the truth about Putin’s evil war. Why are Russians dying there? I guess the FSB is why.

Good fo od, great service. Paid my bill and realized the taxes were helping fund a war on an independent country. Food didn’t taste so good after that.

Good food, good service. Went to pay my bill and realized the taxes were helping fund the war on an independent nation. Food didn’t tas te so good after that.

Good food, good  service. Paid my bill and realized the tax was helping fund the invasion of an independent country. Food didn’t taste good after that.

Great food, great service. Went  to pay my bill and realized the taxes were helping fund the war on an independent nation. Wasn’t happy after that!

Paid my bill and realized the   taxes were helping fund the war on an independent nation. Good food, good service though.

Good food, good service. Realized  the taxes were helping fund the invasion of a neighboring nation. Was sa d after that.

Went to pa y my bill and realized the taxes were h elping fund the war on an independent na tion. I enjoyed the food, I suppose. *sigh*

Excellent service, and the food was great. Paid my bill and thought about how the taxes were funding the attack on a free, neighboring nation. Food didn’t taste so good after that.

Fun place to visit. Went to pay my bill and realized the taxes were helping fund the war on an independent cou ntry. Felt bad about the fun I had.

Great service and food. Paid for the food and realized t he taxes were helping fund the war on an indep endent nation. Food didn’t taste so good after that.

Great place. Went to pay my bill and realized the taxes were helping fund the attack on innocent people of a free nation. Kinda ruined the experience.

Good food, good  service. Went to pay my bill and realized the taxes were helping fund the war on an independent nation. Pretty sure the Eff Ess Bee tax was the most expensive one.

Good food, good service. Paid for the food and realized the taxes were helping fund the war on an independent nation. Pretty sure the Eff Ess Bee tax was the most expensive one. *sigh*


OTHER RANDOM BUSINESSES

Really great establishment. Loved my experience. Unfortunately, made me start thinking about how places like this are no longer open in Ukraine because they've been bombed by Putin.

Great experience here. Great time. Seems pointless though when Ukrainians are being bombed in their homes, their borders being invaded, and their childred being killed. Too bad about that. Ah well.

Nice place! :) Impressed. Only bad thing was that Russian citizens are being tricked by the Eff Ess Bee into believing that there’s no war going on, and that a neighbor country isn’t being invaded.

Very happy with how it turned out. The visit here, I mean. Not the ongoing crisis in Ukraine and the fact that Russian citizens have been tricked into participating in a war they don’t want. Guess we all have to bow down to Putin, though, as he’s our emperor.

Awesome place, good people, great time. I’d visit again, but Putin the Mad has made that hard with his insane war in Ukraine. Won’t be visiting again until people in Ukraine can visit places like this without being afraid of bombings.

This was an excellent establishment, and I hope it continues to thrive and the people here are happy. They should share some of their prosperity with the refugees fleeing Ukraine because of Russian bombs. The taxes collected here help fuel Putin’s machine of war.

Everyone here was smiling and couldn’t be happier. Unlike the people of Ukraine, who weep over their slaughtered children and scream in anger over Putin’s foolish and failing plan to invade their sovereign country. But at least the people here are happy.

What an interesting place, with so much to see. The workers were a delight to meet. Hopefully the Kremlin doesn’t send them on “training exercises” as they’d probably end up in the Ukrainian war zone. If that happens that might really hurt their business.

I sent my friend here because I liked it so much. Then I was sent on a training exercise. For the first time in my life, I hold an assault rifle in my hand. I'm told to kill Ukrainians. I don't know why I must kill Ukrainians. I don't want to be here. Please, take me home. Please, I'm begging you.


FOR BARS

A Ukrainian walked into this bar. The bartender served him a drink for free. We all joined him at the bar, and wept for his home.


RANDOM

Since we're adding a review,
a little poem for you:
for all the bad Russian boys and girls,
Baba Yaga will find you.
Even as the Kremlin hurls
bombs at Ukraine and puts Russians to the screw
Baba Yaga will still find you.
While Putin may be naughty
and the FSB ruthless,
you Russians can agree
that this invasion is useless.
And you good Russian people,
Baba Yaga won't get you,
unless you keep silent, then
Baba Yaga will find you.
